In this lesson,we will discuss security designed around network and server level access.
Previously we discussed security around identity and access management,
which would allow us to ensure that access to
the AWS console and API was designed in a secure way.
Once we start using this access to provision and use cloud infrastructure,
we will need to ensure that our infrastructure components can only be accessed from
trusted entities and that access to resources is secure and protected.
A good Cloud security design will incorporate network access
controls to IP networks provisioned by the Cloud infrastructure customer.
This includes inbound or ingress traffic to Cloud VPC and subnets,
and resources deployed within them such as containers,
Cloud instances, load balanced and database instances.
In addition to looking at inbound traffic,
we also need to look at outbound or egress traffic and
ensure that traffic is not destined to unknown or suspicious entities.
This is key to protecting against data exfiltration.
We will also discuss the ability to log into Cloud instances and
other best practices for ensuring that Cloud instances are accessed in a secure manner.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6